What's wrong with me?
Why did I write the numbers into the original number?
I can't let my brother and my brothers
know about my past.
I can’t let Mei Xiang and Ni know.
Master.
What's wrong?
Nothing.
I think I'm tired.
I'll take a rest.
Okay.
What's wrong with him recently?
He's always glaring.
I'll change my shift. Go take a rest.
It's okay. I'm not tired.
Are you addicted to standing guard?
You want me to sleep in the cage again?
What are you thinking about?
I'm worried.
Worried about me?
You're very bold today.
But it's very risky.
One careless move will put his life in danger.
You said
the more valuable the bones are.
A valuable attack
It's normal to pay a price.
You're still the same.
as always.
As long as there's one in ten thousand of hope,
you would do anything.
In the past...
Why are you back?
My dad said I can't take advantage of others when I make friends.
This is the red thread coin my mom left me.
Now I give it to you.
I have your jade pendant.
You have my red thread coins.
That way, I won't forget you
and you won't forget me.
But this is what your mother left you.
Without it,
without it.
I've grown up.
I can take care of myself.
You don't have a mother.
Let it protect you.
Are you really Wen Pei?
Your brother said you went missing.
Where have you been these years?
After I was arrested by human traffickers,
after I was caught by a trafficker.
The Communist Party saved me.
Then I went to Yan'an.
I've been studying and living in Yan'an.
Then I joined the revolution.
He was sent to Shanzhou recently.
to fight against Japan.
Since you recognized me,
why didn't you tell me earlier?
I was afraid
it will affect our current work relationship.
We need to keep calm
and even accept their sacrifice.
You're afraid that I won't calm down.
I can't accept it.
You can't accept
anyone who loves you
is more important than yourself.
You will do anything for them.
But our career
we have to face death and separation all the time.
Then why did you choose to tell me now?
I don't want any regrets.
I think
tomorrow won't be that dangerous.
I am Jennifer Cai.
An experienced Warrior of the Eight Army.
I have nine lives.
I'm not that unlucky.
What's wrong? Did you have a nightmare again?
No.
Maybe I've been too tired these days.
I've been thinking about these days.
This is probably
I've been thinking about it day and night.
You're not feeling well. Why are you drinking tea?
Stop drinking tea.
I made you some warm porridge. Have some porridge.
When I came back this afternoon,
I saw you sleeping there.
I couldn't wake you up.
I knew you've been exhausting yourself lately.
I made a pot of lotus seed porridge.
Here, drink it while it's hot.
What's wrong? Your hands are cold.
You have a fever.
No.
How about asking Dr Shen to check your pulse?
Doctor Shen will leave tomorrow anyway.
Who is sick?
You're sick.
How could you be sick?
The plague makes my heart flutter.
You can't get sick.
If you are sick,
if you get sick?
I'll go find Doctor Shen. Wait for me.
Ni.
If Meixiang and Ni know
I did something for the Japanese,
They won’t forgive me.
Meixiang.
Ni.
I care about you.
But...
But what should I do
What should I do?
Damn Japanese!
It's okay.
You'll be fine after drinking this.
How did you drive?
Sorry.
Go!
I'm going to deliver orders to General Kurokawa.
Can you afford to delay the military?
I'm sorry. It's all our fault.
Please punish me, My Lord.
Let's go. Be careful.
Yes, thank you for your concern.
What should we do?
and wait for them.
They can only rely on themselves now.
Get in.
Prepare to evacuate at any time.
You two follow me.
What's going on?
Why is there no movement?
So many guns.
It’s enough for us to deploy several guerrilla teams.
Too bad we can’t take them.
Let's go.
Yours. What are you doing?
Blow up the arsenal.
Retreat!
Go.
Colonel.
What happened?
Our arsenal was attacked.
Who did it?
It's highly possible
the Communist Party who attacked Fengpo Mountain.
It's them again.
ruined my plan outside the city.
You're making trouble in the city again.
This is an insult to the Japanese army.
Order, close the city gate.
Military Police Special Class
Infantry No.2 Squadron.
Search the whole city.
Even if you have to dig three feet,
find these Communist Party.
Yes.
Colonel.
Mr. Tanihara, how do you explain this?
It’s my fault.
I'm incompetent. I let the accomplices succeed again and again.
I don't want an apology. I just want the result.
You disappointed me.
Yes.
Colonel.
Please give me more time.
I’ve found the best candidate
to eliminate the accomplices and Qinglong Camp.
This time, they will never escape from me.
The Imperial Army's west-west plan
will be implemented soon.
Shanzhou is just a small stone
of our Japanese version.
We can't let it become
Yes.
If anything goes wrong again,
apologize to His Majesty yourself.
Yes.
Pay attention to the movements of independent brigade.
Report to me if anything happens.
The name is Piaopiao. Cover the sun. Go.
I went to Chang'an for my birthday.
The Yuanrong Order was handed to my mother.
and strangled him on the way.
It reminds me of the time when I wanted to win the gold medal.
Master, you're in a good mood.
I've got enough sleep.
You have the energy to go to the Elite List.
I don't want to be on the top.
No desire for wealth or wealth
A wanderer has no root.
My hometown is where I feel at ease.
I have Qinglong Camp to take care of me.
Enough.
Fly up.
Check the accounts.
We can't always
We can't live on
to help the poor.
We need to save money.
Also,
tell them not to go down the mountain.
The independent Brigade is facing Japanese invasion.
They're all working hard.
It explodes when touched.
Brothers, don't touch this thunder.
Okay.
Fly on the boat.
I have a favor to ask.
Go ahead.
Keep an eye on Meixiang’s aunt and Ni for me.
Don’t let them go down the mountain.
Two women
can't protect themselves.
The world is in chaos now.
I'm worried they might be in danger.
Please.
Don't worry, Mr. Bai.
Master Xi. Master.
The independent Brigade Commander Cui Wenkui is here.
Speak of the devil.
Let’s go out and meet him.
Ask your chief to come out.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Give me the gun.
I don't have time to waste on you.
I have something urgent to talk to Wu Zhen.
This is our rule.
Are you crazy?
I'm telling you, this trip
concerns the safety of Black Tiger Mountain.
It's none of your business.
What do you mean?
You want to fight me?
It's up to us
is up to us.
Retrieve the gun, right?
Here.
Take it.
Brigade Commander, this is a misunderstanding.
Put down your gun.
Put it down.
Brigade Commander Cui, thank you.
Ms. Shangguan.
The way Black Tiger Mountain treats his benefactor
is special.
It's windy today. Let's talk inside.
Please.
Okay.
Wait here.
Have a seat.
What do you mean?
Where is your boss?
He's not here.
He's still working in Luoyang City.
Aren't you going to sit down, Brigade Commander Cui?
I won’t beat around the bush.
Your master once promised me
to give these vaccines to us
to us
to solve the crisis within the army.
How long has it been?
Why is there no movement?
The vaccine
a few days ago.
But I’m sorry.
I have a lot to do in the village.
so I was delayed.
Fortunately, you're here today.
You saved us a lot of trouble.
Right, uncle?
You mean
I was impatient, right?
Let me tell you.
I have a lot of epidemic in the army.
I need these vaccines urgently.
If you delay any longer,
many people will suffer.
It's not hard to give you the vaccine.
But how can you promise me
these vaccines will be used on the people?
What do you mean?
Just say it.
I heard your superior's name is...
Jang Gong-yeon is here, right?
Is he thinking the same way as you?
Can you guarantee that he won't interfere?
You are well-informed.
Miss Shangguan,
What do you think about this?
I dare not.
But my uncle just came up with an idea.
I think it's good.
I want to discuss with you.
Discuss with me?
If I don't agree,
I can’t take these vaccines, right?
Miss Shangguan,
Let me tell you.
If I can't take these vaccines today,
I can't explain to my superiors.
Jang Gong-yeon
will send troops to Black Tiger Mountain.
Then we can only meet in war.
It's not worth it.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Don't worry.
It's actually very simple.
I brought my brothers
to send the vaccine to Shanzhou.
Your independent Brigade will supervise it.
Just make sure no one gets involved.
Okay.
I'll do as you say.
No matter how greedy Jang Gong-yeon is,
he doesn't want the medicine to ruin people.
Right?
He likes military titles more than anything.
Where is my military doctor?
is treating a patient in the backyard.
How about this?
Brigade Commander Cui, take a rest.
I'll hand you
and vaccines.
Thank you.
Please.
By the way,
tell your boss
don’t let him
don't let him play tricks on me.
Of course.
Brigade Commander.
You agreed to their request?
This is the main purpose of me going up the mountain.
What is it?
I know very well
what Jang Gong-yeon wants.
He wants us to fight with Black Tiger Mountain
and destroy Black Tiger Mountain.
and eat our independent Brigade.
He was so angry that day.
not because he cared about those guns.
It's already been reported to war.
He's the chairman's legitimate army.
He lacks those guns.
No wonder.
why didn't he resign?
So someone is backing him up.
What a disaster!
I have no choice.
We have to bow our heads under the roof.
Zhang Gongyan wants to take the opportunity to make money.
Shangguan Eagle is a tough bone.
Keep it for yourself.
Young Lady Zhen Zhu, may I have a word with you?
I don't think he can be saved.
You should prepare his funeral.
He Zheng.
I'm going down the mountain.
Tell me
just tell me.
I'll buy it for you.
Sister
I don't want to eat anything.
I want to see my father.
Okay.
I'll help you find your father.
Those bastards!
Why don't you stay in your country
Why do you have to invade us?
It's not enough to build a plane cannon.
but also made such a crazy thing.
Not only the adults died,
but now we have to kill children.
So what we need to do now
is to kick these bastards
out of China.
Only by kicking them out,
our swordsmen and our people
can live a good life.
You're right.
Go down the mountain!
Major, you're back.
Has Mr. He been doing anything lately?
No. Everything is normal.
Major, please.
I'm leaving, Master.
I'm so pissed off, Mr. Tanaka!
Mr. Tanaka!
I didn't expect
It's you.
It's been a long time. How are you?
Mr. Tanaka.
How is my son?
Your son is receiving vaccines at the Royal Army Headquarters.
That's great.
Thank you so much!
Mr. Tanaka.
After the vaccine,
send it back to me.
I miss him so much.
He's the only heir of the He family.
He's more important than my life.
What?
You don't believe in Japanese science?
No, I believe it.
I found that Mr. He is really good at making money.
I wonder when we can
the military expenses?
Mr. Tian Yuan.
Recently,
these days.
It's almost done.
I'll send it to you
I'll send it to you.
Don't worry.
Good.
Mr. He,
As long as you cooperate with the Japanese army,
you'll have everything you want.
and your son will be safe.
I won't treat you badly.
Don't worry, Mr. Tanaka.
Thank you.
Have a seat.
Da Hai, pour some tea.
Brigade Commander Cui.
Hua and I
have something to do in Nancheng.
My uncle will bring the brothers
with you.
Ms. Shangguan, we are in the city gate.
Aren't you afraid that
Aren't you afraid that I'll join hands with Jang Gong-yeon?
We trust your character.
We'll be right back.
Okay.
Thank you, Uncle.
Don't worry, Eagle.
Master, please.
It's a long trip today.
Mr. Choi will arrange a banquet later.
Dahai.
Find a time to tidy up the yard.
Mr. He.
Let me think. I remember.
You are the daughter of
Shangguan Bao's daughter, Shangguan Eagle?
We met once.
This is...
Fly on the boat.
You are the first swordsman of Qinglong Fortress.
I've heard a lot about you.
What are you two
come to Shaanxi?
This is a place of law.
I don't mean anything else.
We want to invite you to the mountain.
What?
You want to kidnap me in broad daylight, right?
This is my place.
How dare you!
Who wants to kidnap you?
Your son is dying.
I'll take you to see him for the last time.
You should make up a good name to kidnap me.
My son is in Luoyang now.
in Luoyang.
Why did he go to Qinglong Fortress?
He's not here.
He's in Heihu Mountain.
Listen.
Later at Qinglong Fortress,
and Black Tiger Mountain.
to make up lies?
Just do what you should do.
What are you doing?
Do you know this?
Son.
He Zheng.
This way.
Son.
Son!
I'm here.
Open the door!
I'm here to save you, son.
Son!
Open the door!
Open the door! I want to save my son!
Calm down.
He Zheng is infected with the plague.
If you go in,
you'll get the same virus as him.
Son! Son!
It's me.
Father! Son! It's me!
Son!
Son, open the door!
Sister Eagle is right.
You can't visit me.
Or you'll get sick too.
I'm not afraid.
I don't care what infection you have.
Got it?
Son, open the door.
I want to exchange your life now.
I won't let you die even if I die.
You know what?
Son.
Dad, go back.
Or I'll die right now.
die
die here.
Father, I'm unfilial.
Because I read a few books,
I often criticized you.
You didn't even
call me father.
Son.
Son!
I don't care how disobedient you are,
how you contradicted me,
No matter how angry I am,
it doesn't matter.
As long as you're alive,
and come back to me,
You can beat me and scold me.
You can do whatever you want, you know?
Son.
Son!
Son, you must live.
You are the son of our He family.
If something bad happens to you,
I'm sorry to my ancestors.
Son.
Father!
I have something to tell you.
It's the Japanese.
That, that Mr. Tian.
injected to me.
From now on,
stay away from him.
Also,
don't do anything to harm the Chinese.
Son.
Son!
Father.
I'm unfilial.
I'm going to find my mother.
Son.
Son!
Masao Tahara.
Why?
My son is so sick.
You locked him up here.
Take him back to my home.
In Shaanxi,
I can hire the best doctor
to save his life.
The best doctor can save his life.
Why did you lock him up here?
Why didn't you send him back to my house?
Shut up!
Who killed He Zheng?
Don't you understand?
Who sent him to Luoyang?
Who made him infected with the plague?
Since you can't distinguish right from wrong,
it’s useless to keep it.
Mr. He,
If you didn’t do so many dirty things for the Japanese,
how could they threaten you with He Zheng?
Remember,
everything today
all because of you.
Let's go.
Give my son back!
You! Give my son back!
I'm full. I'm not hungry.
Only when you have money
to have dignity.
How can they live
how will they live?
Besides,
I can't afford
It's not like I can't afford it anymore.
You asked me to read Confucius.
Don't forget.
Don't be greedy when you're recuperating.
Why do you need so much money?
Fine, I can take photos.
But from now on,
make things difficult for the servants.
Masao Tahara.
Actor table.
Zhang Wen.
Zhao Muhua.
and actors.
Su Tianhui, Yang Wanlin, Zhao Dongliang, Chen Yile, Wang Lusheng.
Li Shuo Yu Hongda Tian Guofeng Gong Fan Cheng Kaiyan.
Sun Zhaoqi, Li Shengchung, Yang Haoyu, Zhao Chaoyang
to perform.
Zhang Hongbo, Gong Jianfeng, Li Kaiwu, Zhuang, Tao, Son Hosun.
Yaoyao from Lin.
Qin Haosen, Liu Mingjun, Zhang Liangliang, Lin Nan, Liu, Yu.
Staff table.
Director team.
Director Zhu Shaojie.
The production team.
Photography team.
Ding Weihao.
Lighting Team.
Cao Xian Min.
Cao Peihu.
The clothing team.
The dressing team.
Art team.
Zeng So-wook.
The prop team.
Cui Guangzang.
Set team.
Yeo Jong-myung.
Action team.
Fireworks.
The gun team.
The recording team.
The venue team.
Driver team.
Chen Jianqi, Zhang Kun Wu, Zhang Rong Li, Zhang Chang.
Teng Tie Yan, Xu Ian, Zhang Chou Qiang, Yang Yijiang.
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jianping.
Xu Ying Quan, Yang Shuli, Chen Yongsheng, Liu Junfeng Liu Fu Min.
Ge Wenlong, Song Yongqiang, Wang Daxiong, Yang Ziguang Zhang Jian Ping.
Cut.
Wei Meng.
LilStar.
Xin Peiyan.
Late production.
ZMCG.
Beijing Zhuma Chenguang Culture Co., Ltd.
Wang Chenyang.
Shi wants to invite
a dubber.
Music production.
Theme song, Hero.
Wang Chenyang.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of this drama.
Thank you, Mr. Wang Xiao, for the title of the film.
Thank you.
Shandong Blumund Red Film Club. [National 4A Scene Area]
Henan Juntong Car Co., Ltd.
Jintang Jun Kin.
The Public Government of Shanzhou District
The People's Government of Xizhang Village, Shanzhou District
Shanzhou District, Temple Sheung-Mun's Government.
The Jade Association of Shanzhou District
San Mun Mingu Pu Theatre.
The temple in the village in Shanzhou District.
[Seobu Village Committee of Lingbao City]
The village committee of Shanzhou District,
Jiangzhou Zhou Jiajun Co., Ltd.
legal consultant service unit.
Henan Lu Da Law Firm.
Special cooperation unit.
There are three Municipal Committee in total.
The People's Government
The PR Department of the Municipal Committee
The Commission of Shanzhou
The Commissioner of Wonji County
The People's Government of Shanzhou District.
The People's Government of Wenji County.
Henan Henan Boutique Co., Ltd.
The Cultural Responsibility Co., Ltd.
[Sanmen Lanhu City Wetland Park]
Sanmen Cultural Tourism Investment Group.
[Yang Tingting]
Yang Tingxuan.
The guidance unit.
Learning to strengthen our country.
The circulation unit.
Qijin (Xiamen) Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Control unit.
Henan Sandao Movie Development Co., Ltd.
[Joint Film Co., Ltd.]
[Joint filming unit]
The PR Department of Gansu Provincial Committee
Henan Provincial Radio Station.
Henan Provincial Literature and Arts Association.
Henan Provincial Film Association.
Henan Film and TV Group Co., Ltd.
Gansu Lanyi Culture Co., Ltd.
Beijing Times, Yishi Cultural Technology Co., Ltd.
Hebei Army Cultural Media Co., Ltd.
Product unit.
[Henan Movie Development Co., Ltd.]
Henan Elephant Film and TV Production Co., Ltd.
First reward Zhang Bing.
Reward Zhang Bing first.